Add plan summary to tracking issue (#11726)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/tracking_issue.md

---
name: Tracking issue
about: An issue to capture planned and on-going work of a team's milestone.
title: 'WIP: $TEAM $MILESTONE Tracking issue'
labels: 'tracking'
assignees: ''

---

### Plan

<!--
Summarize:

> - What problems that the team is going to solve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What problems the team is committed to solving.
```
